Handle file prefix (#8689)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * Type Checker: Disallow ``virtual`` and ``override`` for constructors.

>  * Standard Json Input: Error when in the `"urls"` field path has prefix `file://`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Standard Json Input: Fix error when using prefix ``file://`` in the field ``urls``.
```

>  * Standard Json Input: Fix error when using prefix ``file://`` in the field ``urls``.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say this is a bugfix, nor it is a bugfix for "standard json". It is a feature for the CLI.

Author: According to the https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/4884 it's a bug. And I agree with it because if it don't work as documented it looks like a bug, IMHO

Reviewer: Well, it's either a bugfix in the code or in the documentation, since those were inconsistent. But I'm fine with either
